Provide containerized environment (#12)
openstack-gitops/rhoso-gitops: containerfile/README.md

> # Container image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Using containerized client interfaces
```

> Provides a quick'n'easy environment from where you can run the various
> `oc` commands, but also the needed `ansible` related steps as described
> in this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides a containerized environment to run client commands, including `oc` and `ansible`.
```

> ## Create the container image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating the container image
```

> Using buildah or podman, run the following commande from the root of
> the repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using buildah or podman, run the following commands from the root of
the repository:
```

```Bash
$ buildah bud -t rhoso-gitops:latest -f containerfile/oc-client .
$ podman build -t rhoso-gitops:latest -f containerfile/oc-client .
```

## Using the container image

> Run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `podman` to connect to the the container image and access the clients:
```

```Bash
$ podman run --rm -ti \
    -v $HOME/.kube:/root/.kube \
    --security-opt label=disable \
    rhoso-gitops:latest bash
```

> If you want to access ansible, you can then run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access Ansible, source the activation file to load the Python virtual environment:
```

```Bash
# source .ansible/bin/activate
```

> This will load the python virtualenv, exposing the needed libs and
> binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The current repository is copied in the container, and is available in
> /root/rhoso-gitops directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current repository is copied into the container, and is available in
/root/rhoso-gitops.
```

> You can, of course, bind-mount it from your workstation if you have anything
> to test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can bind-mount the repository from your workstation for testing purposes:
```
